# Variables de l'objet SITE

site.meta.canonical							"http://example.com/"
site.meta.robots 								"/robots.txt"
site.meta.robots.noindex					true
site.meta.robots.noarchive					true
site.meta.robots.notranslate				false
site.meta.cookie								"userid=xyz; expires=Wednesday, 08-Aug-15 23:59:59 GMT;"
site.meta.content-type						"text/html"
site.meta.charset								"UTF-8"
site.meta.shortcut-icon 					"/favicon.ico"
site.meta.icon-16x16 						"/preview_16x16.png"
site.meta.icon-32x32 						"/preview_32x32.png"
site.meta.icon-96x96 						null
site.meta.icon-192x192 						null
site.meta.mask-icon 							null
site.meta.news-keywords 					"items  ## for google"
site.meta.original-source 					"valeur ## for google"
site.meta.rating 								"Safe for kids"
site.meta.canonical-URL 					"URL"
site.meta.content-language 				"langcode"
site.meta.copyright 							"string"
site.meta.description 						"string"
site.meta.generator 							"string"
site.meta.hreflang							"langcode"
site.meta.keywords							"items"
site.meta.product-availability 			"string"
site.meta.product-category					"items"
site.meta.product-condition 				"string"
site.meta.product-expiration-time 		"datetime"
site.meta.product-price-amount 			float
site.meta.product-price-currency 		"string"
site.meta.product-retailer 				"string"
site.meta.publisher							"string"
site.meta.author 								"string"
site.meta.rights								"string"
site.meta.title 								"string"

site.meta.dcterms.accessRights			"string"		Information about who can access the resource or indication of its security status.
site.meta.dcterms.accrualPolicy			"string"		Policy governing the addition of items to a collection.
site.meta.dcterms.alternative				"string"		Alternative name for the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.audience					"string"		Entity for whom the resource is intended or useful.
site.meta.dcterms.available				"string"		Date (often a range) that the resource became or will become available.
site.meta.dcterms.conformsTo				"string"		An established standard to which the resource conforms.
site.meta.dcterms.contributor				"string"		Entity responsible for making contributions to the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.coverage					"string"		Spatial or temporal topic of resource, its spatial applicability, or jurisdiction.
site.meta.dcterms.created					"string"		Date of creation of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.creator					"string"		Entity primarily responsible for making the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.date						"string"		Point or period of time associated with an event in the lifecycle of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.dateAccepted			"string"		Date of acceptance of the resource. Ex: thesis, or article accepted by a journal
site.meta.dcterms.dateCopyrighted		"string"		Date of copyright.
site.meta.dcterms.dateSubmitted			"string"		Date of submission of resource. Ex: thesis or article submitted to a journal.
site.meta.dcterms.description				"string"		Description may include: abstract, TOC, graphical, or free-text account of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.educationLevel			"string"		Entity for which resource is intended, in terms of progression in an educational context.
site.meta.dcterms.extent					"string"		Size or duration of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.format					"string"		File format, physical medium, or dimensions of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.hasFormat				"string"		Related resource substantially same as pre-existing resource, in another format.
site.meta.dcterms.hasPart					"string"		Related resource that is included either physically or logically in the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.hasVersion				"string"		Related resource that is a version, edition, or adaptation of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.identifier				"string"		Unambiguous reference to the resource within a given context.
site.meta.dcterms.instructionalMethod	"string"		Process, used to engender knowledge, attitudes and skills, that the resource aims to support.
site.meta.dcterms.isFormatOf				"string"		Related resource that is substantially the same as the resource, but in another format.
site.meta.dcterms.isPartOf					"string"		Related resource in which the resource is physically or logically included.
site.meta.dcterms.isReferencedBy			"string"		Related resource that references, cites, or otherwise points to the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.isReplacedBy			"string"		Related resource that supplants, displaces, or supersedes the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.isRequiredBy			"string"		Related resource that requires the resource to support its function, delivery, or coherence.
site.meta.dcterms.issued					"string"		Date of formal issuance (e.g., publication) of the resource. Autrement-dit : lancement
site.meta.dcterms.isVersionOf				"string"		Related resource of which the resource is a version, edition, or adaptation.
site.meta.dcterms.language					"string"		Language of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.license					"string"		Legal document giving official permission to do something with the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.mediator					"string"		Entity that mediates access to the resource and for whom the resource is intended or useful.
site.meta.dcterms.modified					"string"		Date on which the resource was changed.
site.meta.dcterms.provenance				"string"		Statement of any changes in ownership/custody of the resource since its creation.
site.meta.dcterms.publisher				"string"		Entity responsible for making the resource available.
site.meta.dcterms.references				"string"		Related resource that is referenced, cited, or otherwise pointed to by the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.relation					"string"		Related resource.
site.meta.dcterms.replaces					"string"		Related resource that is supplanted, displaced, or superseded by the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.requires					"string"		Related resource that is required by the resource to support its function, delivery, or coherence.
site.meta.dcterms.rights					"string"		Statement about property rights associated with the resource, incl. intellectual property rights.
site.meta.dcterms.rightsHolder			"string"		Person or organization owning or managing rights over the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.source					"string"		Related resource from which the resource is derived.
site.meta.dcterms.spatial					"string"		Spatial characteristics of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.subject					"string"		Represented using keywords, key phrases, classification codes; controlled vocabulary recommended.
site.meta.dcterms.temporal					"string"		Temporal characteristics of the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.title						"string"		Name given to the resource.
site.meta.dcterms.type						"string"		Nature or genre of the resource.
